# Burger
NGREDIENTS BURGER PATTIES 1 1/3 lb. ground beef (80 percent lean) 2 tsp. Old Bay seasoning 1 tsp. Black pepper 1 tsp. Sea salt 4 slices cheddar cheese KING NEPTUNE’S POSEIDON POWDER AIOLI 1/2 c. mayonnaise 1 tsp. Old Bay seasoning SANDWICH 4 sesame seed buns, sliced in half ketchup mustard 1 jar dill pickle slices 1 red onion, sliced 1 tomato, sliced 4 leaves of butter lettuce This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto this page. You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site. GET INGREDIENTS Powered by Chicory

DIRECTIONS Make the Burger Patties: Heat a grill pan or sauté pan over medium heat. As it heats, combine ground beef, Old Bay, pepper and salt. Form into four equally sized patties, about 1/3 lb apiece. Set on a platter next to the stovetop. Coat the warmed grill pan with cooking spray and place patties on the pan, cooking each side about 4-5 minutes, or until cooked through to your desired doneness. Use a large star-shaped cookie cutter to cut each cheese slice into a star shape. Place the star-shaped cheese on each burger patty, in the last 30 seconds or so of cooking, so it melts a little. Set burger patties aside. Make King Neptune’s Poseidon Powder Aioli: Stir mayo and Old Bay until thoroughly combined. Assemble the Sandwich: Spread Poseidon Powder Aioli on the bottom of each bun. Top with a burger patty, ketchup, mustard, pickles, onion slices, tomato and lettuce. Place the top bun on each burger. Serve.
